AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
CHEONSAN UNIT, GANGWON PROVINCE
Recently in Singapore, Hong Kong and Japan,
Two of our black ops agents and one diplomat
were eliminated in cold blood.
They were secretly preparing for the North-South peace talks.
The assassinations were ordered by Kim Jeong Seon.
Deputy Director of the General Bureau of Intelligence on South Korea.
Eliminate him.
We need to show them just how terrifying the price is
for crossing us.
Out of the car.
Get in the front.
This is the end of the road for both of us.
People's TV reported this morning
that Kim Jeong Seon, known as a hard-line thinker
in our countries anti-South Korea operations,
was killed as a result of a reckless act by a North Korean officer.
It was an officer of the army
who worked in collusion with hostile forces
and targeted one of our homeland's greatest heroes,
Comrade Deputy Director Kim Jeong Seon
The identity of the military officer is unknown
but he is believed to have also died in the incident.
-Last year, Deputy Director Kim -Hmm. That punk is so clever.
He must've really wanted to be discharged.
OB-GYN SURGERY CENTER
EPISODE 2
Uh, hello. I'm here for Im Yu-jin.
One moment, please.
Oh, she's in labor right now.
You can head in.
OB-GYN OPERATING ROOM
Just keep breathing, okay?
-You're doing great. Push! -You need to keep pushing.
You're almost there. Just a few more pushes.
That's it. Good.
Excuse me, where's Im Yu-jin?
Miss Im is in surgery right now.
-Doctor. -Good news is the baby's healthy.
But unfortunately, sir, your wife
Yu-jin.
What shall we name her?
Min-ji sounds nice.
Forget about the past. All of it.
You need to live only for you and her now.
Min-ji is the best of both of us.
Give her the best life.
Show Min-ji a life full of love and joy.
Show her that love is beautiful.
That's my hope for her
More than anything.
Dad's are truly special to daughters.
Take care of her.
Make her feel love.
That's my only wish.
Live for her.
Just let me go!
Sergeant Kim, wait!
Listen to me.
You do this and things will only get worse so put the weapon down!
I'm leaving here now.
Do you fucking understand me? Let me go now!
We'll pretend this never happened. Just calm down, all right?
You've promised me a lot of things.
Like how you said this would be my last mission.
Every mission is the last one, though.
It never ends.
I've done everything you people have asked of me.
But I just keep believing you.
But if you break your promise again this time
I'll go on my own final mission
And kill every last one of you.
All right. Okay, okay.
I'll let you go.
I-I will let you go.
All right? Okay, calm down.
Calm down now.
FORMULA FEEDING METHOD AND CARE
Oh, geez.
Let's get some rest.
You need to live only for you and her now.
Oh, gosh.
Come on, hey now. Hey now. Hey now.
Han-soo, hey. Help me out. She's sick.
Let's see.
-Oh, that's bad. -Appa.
Give her the best life.
Appa!
Appa?
Appa.
Show Min-ji a life full of love and joy.
My daddy wakes up early And puts on a tie
He goes to work for us And works with all his might
So when his days are dark I can be his light
He loves me more than all the rest Because my daddy's the best
-Show her that love is beautiful. -Dad!
Dad!
Min-ji!
Dad's are truly special to daughters.
Min-ji is the best of both of us.
One, two, three!
-Congratulations! -Thank you.
Appa, we need one too.
Come on, hurry, Appa!
Just a minute!
Take care of her.
Make her feel love.
MYEONGEUN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 28TH GRADUATION CEREMONY
Dad, please!
That's my only wish.
Live for her.
Dad
AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
LAST NIGHT
That's him.
Hey, is your name Kim Nam-hoon?
Who's asking?
You don't need to know. Come on.
Let's go over there and have a little chat.
Easy. Don't hurt him too bad yet.
Min-ji, Min-ji
"Hey, I need to talk to you.
Can you come to the school side gate right now?
I'll be here waiting for you."
Hey, I need to talk to you.
Can you come to the school side gate right now?
I'll be here waiting for you.
NO UNAUTHORIZED ENTRY
Kim Min-ji! Hey!
MJ!
-Wow, look who's actually here. -I can't believe she came.
Do what you're told like a dog.
-Min-ji, Min-ji! -Min-ji.
I can't believe she showed up.
How sad.
Nam-hoon called and told me he's sick
So he won't make it today.
-Oh, no. -Don't cry.
It's okay. We're here for you, Min-ji, yeah.
She's really gonna get it now.
Just like that!
-Oh, yeah! -Oh, no.
Good one. Good one.
What? Do you have something you wanna say?
Are we not done here?
I know you'll get me transferred or whatever.
So make up your stupid mind.
All you have to do is complain to your dad.
Don't need to.
I don't need him to make you kneel like your dad did.
I'm sorry.
I'm not like my dad at all.
Ah.
Oh, yeah?
Then hit me again.
Hit me.
I said hit me. Come on, hit me.
You bitch!
What? What?
Let go!
You think I won't hit you 'cause you're a girl?
Considering who you hang out with,
I'm not surprised at all.
You lowlife pieces of trash beating up women.
Get her, Min-ho!
Nothing to say now?
Just die!
Oh!
-Min-ji! Get up already. -Min-ji!
You're fucked!
-Did you get that shot? -Oh!
-Min-ji! -This is boring now.
-Is that blood? -Blood?
-Goddamn it. -Hold on.
Wait, she's not dead, is she?
Ah, shit!
But wait, she'll be okay, right?
Hey.
Hey!
Dad
-Wait, she's not dead, is she? -Ah, shit!
-No way. -Goddamn it.
Oh, man.
DAD
-Shouldn't we call 911? -I'll call them now.
Hey, wait! No one do anything!
-You're accomplices. -No, we're not.
Bullshit. You were ganging up on this girl too.
If I get caught,
I'm taking all of you down with me.
Shit.
You'll help me out if you're smart.
Come on, get everybody's phones.
-No, I need mine. -Why do you need our phones?
Hey, don't worry.
It's okay. I'll talk to the big guys.
They're gonna help us out.
-Hey! -Hello, sir.
What's up, you little shit?
As long as you collect the money by the end of the month,
Feel free to charge a little extra for yourselves.
Thanks. Oh, uh, boss.
Here's this week's take.
Wow. Shit.
-Good work, kid. -Excuse me.
Yo, what?
SOUTH SIDE COLLECTOR GOLDEN TEETH GANG, OH MIN-CHEOL
Hey, how's it going, boss?
I called you 'cause I think we accidentally killed someone.
-So what? -Well, I was hoping you could help us
-get rid of the body, sir. -You're an idiot.
What the hell can I do?
Then maybe you could talk to the higher-ups and
Shit.
This is the daughter of Ju Gang-chan. You know, from Juhak Construction.
I can pay you whatever you need, okay? So just get rid of the body for us.
Hey, hey, hey.
Well, if you're the daughter of the chairman of Juhak Construction
Then I'm his son.
Fuck off.
Hey, come here.
Of course. What is it, sir?
Who were you talking to just now?
Ah, well, that was just one of my guys.
-Min-ho is his -No, that's not it.
Wait, you just said Juhak Construction, didn't you?
Nah, nah. It was just a girl.
She was talking crazy and claiming to be the chairman's daughter.
How amusing.
So what did she want?
Uh, she accidentally killed someone and then they asked me to get rid of the body.
I'll talk to them and handle it, sir. Don't worry about it, sir.
Get on the phone with her right now
And tell her that I'll do it.
Sir?
I said call her.
Sure.
Oh, man.
You know, I almost feel bad for the girl.
Okay, move.
What's wrong?
Looks like our princess is feeling a little scared.
Hard to believe you're the chairman's daughter.
Don't worry about the money.
-I'll give you whatever you want. -Ah, hey, hey.
I don't need your money.
Honestly, this type of thing isn't usually worth my time.
The only reason I'm doing this is as a favor to your father.
Enough, okay?
All I care about is that you do your job.
Get rid of her.
Can you handle that?
Hey!
Now that I hear you talk again, you must be Ju's daughter.
There's no mistake.
Hey.
Don't worry.
I'll slash the belly, take out all the organs,
Throw everything together and dump it all out in the ocean.
There you go.
Gone forever.
But boss, why take out the organs? Like, what's the point of taking them out?
You sound like an amateur right now, you idiot.
You need to remove the organs 'cause they'll float in the ocean.
And on land, animals will dig up the body if you don't.
-I see, sir. -It's what happens.
The organs are always eaten first by the animals.
-Hey, Gang-min. -Yeah?
Let's get soju and sundae after work.
-It's making me hungry. -Let's do it, boss.
Man, it's been a while since I've had some good liver.
I love small intestines.
-What about you, rookie? -I'm not hungry, sir.
Why not?
Okay, time to go home.
Damn, you have a pretty nice house.
Hey, little princess. Hold on.
Let's just keep this between us, okay?
Don't stress out your dad for no reason,
'cause you and I both know how he can get.
Don't say a word.
All right, let's go take out some organs, man.
You got it, boss.
Have a good night, princess.
My Min-ji.
Where is she?
Speak. Where's my daughter?
I don't know.
I just wanted to scare her a little.
But as she was running away, she fell
Please forgive me, sir.
Then what?
My friend Min-cheol took care of it.
I don't know what happened to her.
After that, I went home.
I swear to God, I'm telling the truth.
Min-cheol. Tell me where is he right now.
Dad.
Hey, Dad.
Why are you here?
Don't you have to work?
Why didn't you bring your umbrella?
What's with you?
Well, I'm hungry. Do you want something to eat?
SANGSAENG SAVINGS BANK
That's weird.
He's never been late like this.
Yeah, I know, right? He actually asked me to do
Has anyone seen Mr. Kim?
BREAK ROOM
Oh, uh I'll try calling him now.
SANG-A
I'm sorry.
Can you give me one more chance to pay you back?
Leave my daughter alone, please!
Mister, is this a joke to you?
I already gave you a million chances, didn't I?
Hey, Hong-sik. He must have dementia.
Read him the contract.
"If I fail to pay back the money within the agreed time,
I will give up my family's organs in return."
-Appa! -No, no, wait.
Hold on! No, no! No, no, no! That's not true!
The contract had nothing like that!
It was in the fine print.
Appa!
I added that as a special clause and you signed it.
Please don't do this! At least spare my daughter! Please!
Get off of me!
Getting blood on me. Geez.
Hey, listen.
Don't you know,
Students have the best organs?
Hey, kid. Come here.
All right. It'll be okay.
-Please don't! Please don't! Please! -Uh-uh. Look at me.
Yeah, you've got both of your eyes, a heart and everything.
-Take her. Okay? -Appa!
-No, wait! No! Stop, no! -Appa! Appa!
-Let's go. Come on. -Appa!
Geez.
It'll be over soon, okay?
Stop!
It's just one little shot, then you'll be done.
Please!
-Hey, did you order anything? -What?
Did you order something?
Well, Hong-sik ordered some macarons but he canceled it.
Hong-sik, macarons? The shit?
I canceled it, though.
Didn't I?
-Hey, tell them to go away. -Yes, sir.
And close the door behind you.
Got it.
Hey, go see who it is. Come on.
Yes, sir.
So, is she out?
What the?
What is that?
Hong-sik.
Get up!
D-D-Don't kill me, please! I'm not with them.
Please let me go!
Who is is this guy?
What the hell was that?
The hell do you want from me? Ah, damn it!
Who are you, asshole? Huh?
SAFE AND HAPPY DOWON POLICE STATION
Hey, sir?
Hey, sir!
Why did I get arrested too?
There must be a mistake because I didn't even fight.
Excuse me.
Hello, sir?
Would you just shut up? Please!
We have to review the CCTV first.
Is that really necessary?
Like I said in my statement, I never laid a single finger on those punks.
All I was doing was preventing that wild boar over there
From going on a rampage, okay?
Did you hear me?
Officer!
I
Hey, prick!
Can you hurry up and explain to him that this was all your fault?
Tell him how I had to wrangle you like a bull!
Officer, is that asshole sleeping right now?
At a time like this?
You fell asleep!
EVERYONE, I SAW IT!
I SAW A FULL-ON STREET BRAWL!
NEVER SEEN A 17-TO-1 FIGHT BEFORE
Oh my goodness. Oh, geez.
All right. Here you go.
What? Is it a cat video?
This guy is really something. Check him out.
-My Goodness. He's a bit brutish, huh? -Wow. Wild. Brutish.
Brutish. Seriously.
Hmm.
Oh, my God.
But Oh.
GENERAL BUREAU OF INTELLIGENCE ON SOUTH KOREA
MEDIA SURVEILLANCE ROOM
MANGYUN-DONG BBQ RESTAURANT ASSAULT
TATTOOED THUGS GETTING CRUSHED BY MIDDLE-AGED MARINE GUY
THREAT LEVEL TIER ONE
A tier-one target has been found, sir.
WHO IS THE CITIZEN WHO SHUT DOWN THE TROUBLEMAKERS AT A BBQ RESTAURANT?
MOST WANTED FUGITIVE THREAT LEVEL: TIER ONE
I remember that spy son of a bitch.
I thought he died a long time ago, but looks like the asshole refused to die.
What the hell are we waiting for?
Let's get down there right now and cut his head off.
-Ready the infiltration unit. -Yes, sir.
Wait. Hold on.
We can't do that.
The inter-Korean talks are less than a month away.
If we carry out an operation like this right now,
Do you really think they'll just be okay with it?
I agree, sir.
We should be civil and officially ask the South for their cooperation.
We'll bring our men.
Once we get to the talks, that's when we will bring him in.
I agree, sir.
All of you must have gone crazy.
Don't you remember what that bastard did to all of us?
Or did you forget?
GENERAL BUREAU OF INTELLIGENCE ON SOUTH KOREA
DIRECTOR GENERAL RI EUNG RYEONG
Director General, you're out of line, comrade!
He's a valuable asset, so we bring him in alive.
That bastard should be shot on sight for being a lapdog of the South!
Enough!
Stop thinking about yourself
And follow the Party's wishes, General.
DIRECTOR GENERAL RI EUNG RYEONG
Even with all those awards on their chests,
They're still behaving like naive cadets.
My old generals would have lost their shit.
This is a fucking disgrace.
Since when does our republic bow to the South?
Those bastards are complete idiots.
"Bring him in"?
It's impossible to bring that asshole in alive, you know.
Our men are top-notch, sir. Don't you think they could get it done?
Not a chance in hell.
Maybe if we still had Park Yeong Gwang.
Park Yeong Gwang?
You mean Number 66, sir?
Yeah, what a soldier.
He's the most decorated and finest warrior our unit has ever seen.
The best of the best.
He single-handedly wiped out
an entire special forces platoon while in enemy territory.
But, sir, didn't Park Yeong Gwang die a long time ago?
He'd be alive if that bastard didn't betray him like a coward.
Wait.
Isn't one of our agents
Brothers with Park Yeong Gwang or am I mistaken?
Yes. He's a top-tier soldier. Second only to Number 66.
Is that so?
Well then, we might be fine.
-Bring him to me right away. -Yes, sir.
His younger brother better get ready.
He'll be the one to kill that rat.
It's time.
REPUBLIC OF KOREA SPECIAL MISSIONS DIRECTORATE
-Sir, we have a problem. -What is it?
We've just received a report about suspicious activity involving Agent Kim.
What activity?
Name, Park Jin-cheol. Former ROK soldier.
He has a track record of working with Agent Kim
On several missions in North Korea.
His most notable achievements include preventing three air strikes in Palestine,
The suppression of the radical group LSS,
Destroying a Pakistani terrorist group,
-leading combat operations in-- -Stop.
Everyone knows who Park Jin-cheol is. Just give us the report.
A video of Park Jin-cheol's rampage three days ago
was discovered by North Korean intelligence,
exposing Agent Kim who was with him.
This is ridiculous.
CODE NAME MOLE CRICKET SMD DIRECTOR KANG GUK-CHEOL
RESTRICTED AREA
About 45 minutes ago,
We intercepted communications from the North.
North Korean leadership has ordered their agents to be in South Korea
During the upcoming inter-Korean talks.
Sir, this is insane.
Their spies are gonna be walking around here in broad daylight.
Our government denies the existence of Agent Kim,
But the longer this drags on, the harder it'll be
To deny the requests from the North.
Agent Kim is far too valuable to be captured by the North.
We have to get to him first.
-Yes, sir. -Understood.
I swear I don't know.
We're a cell-based network,
So we'll be added to a Telegram chat when they need us.
Telegram what?
Of course you don't know that, you Gen X fuck.
Was that a mosquito? Or maybe
Did I just get pinched by a girl?
Okay.
-You said "pinched." -No, wait, wait.
It's an anonymous chat group, okay?
It's like like texting!
Seems like you're ready to talk now.
-Why don't we give them a call? -I already told you.
I can't call them if I wanted to.
They only message through chat.
And when they're done talking, they blow it up, and they're gone. Got it?
Hey, where is everyone?
Come here and kill this guy! Is anyone there?
Hong-sik!
Damn, these idiots are useless.
What makes you think you can get away with this?
Because I can! You fuck!
The law protects me. I'm gonna sue you, huh?
For assault, for torture,
For kidnapping!
The law's on my side.
Oh, yeah? That so?
Don't you know?
I'm sorry. Uh-uh, the law can't do anything to us.
Because we're minors.
Don't you know about the Juvenile Act, idiot?
If you lose your parents, you're an orphan.
If you lose your husband, you're a widow.
However,
There is no word for someone
Who's lost their child.
They always look so miserable and heartbroken.
Like they have nothing left to lose.
H-H-Hey, wait. Wait, wait.
That-That's just a prop, right?
I mean, we're in Korea, so
Juvenile Act?
That's a good one.
That's perfect.
Think of me as your midlife crisis.
Wait. Sir, sir, sir. I-I-I'm not a minor, sir.
Okay? I-I-I'm sorry for lying to you!
I'm not ready for my midlife crisis yet, okay?
I'm just in my 20s!
Call 911. Oh, God!
Please call me an ambulance.
I'm only letting you live because I think my daughter is alive.
If I didn't believe that,
Everyone that you know, including you,
Would all be dead.
HEY, MIN-CHEOL
Hey, Min-cheol. Make sure all of the students keep their mouths shut.
Huh? Why is this punk calling me out of nowhere?
-What? -I sent him the text
Like you told me to, sir.
Why's he calling though?
He usually texts me before he calls.
Maybe something's going on then.
-Pick up the call. -Don't answer it.
It's the police.
We need to blow up this chat right away.
And stop answering calls from those punks for now.
Ah, yeah.
You should get rid of that phone too just to be safe.
Right. Okay, sir.
Sorry, the person you're trying to reach is not available.
Please leave a message at--
I already took care of the girl's body.
UNABLE TO ACCESS CONVERSATION
CLOSE
Contact them now.
You saw. They blew up the chat already.
So it's impossible to contact them now.
Call them.
-Do it. -How do you think this works?
I can't do that. All I know is that the server's overseas.
Come on.
Please! Please don't kill me! I don't wanna die!
HIGH SCHOOL GIRL'S BODY DISCOVERED
MISSING HIGH SCHOOL GIRL FOUND DEAD IN THE WOODS
HIGH SCHOOL GIRL'S BODY DISCOVERED UNDER A BRIDGE
Damn it.
This is your hair tie, right? It was on the ground.
This belongs to you, right?
Is Hye-ri asleep?
I'm not sure.
She's been in her room all day.
Why didn't you come out if you're awake?
I thought you'd greet me.
Uh, I was just feeling tired. I'm sorry.
What's with your face? What happened?
I just tripped earlier today.
That Min-ji girl did that to you, right?
Ah, well, don't worry. Seriously, Dad, I'm okay now.
Forget about that girl, okay?
If you think about it, it's a little sad.
She's such a vile person 'cause she wasn't raised right like we were.
Do you know
What kind of work her dad does for a living?
Why do you ask?
Because
I'm just curious, I guess.
Hye-ri.
Yeah?
Never let anyone step all over you.
Make sure to fight back.
And don't let anyone look down on you.
Make them so scared, they can't look you in the eye.
Make it so that just hearing your name makes everyone tremble with fear.
That's how you be strong.
Don't worry.
If there's ever something that you need help with,
I'll take care of it, sweetheart.
I've been thinking, boss. There's something I just don't get.
Which is?
Why'd we let the daughter of the Chairman go and not get anything out of it?
Isn't the Juhak Construction guy, like, seriously loaded?
We could've held her hostage
And blackmailed them for everything they've got.
Honestly, I feel the same way, boss.
Why did you just let her go?
If you try to catch a snake without gloves,
-you'll get bit on the hand. -What?
Ju Gang-chan
He's a cobra who will swallow you whole.
Ju Gang-chan is no ordinary man.
He started out as a common street thug,
and ended up taking over a huge construction company.
I'm sorry, sir.
If you could delay construction one more time,
I'll get the demolition done by the end of the month.
That's the same thing you said last time you were here.
Well, it's just that the owners hired thugs to
I'm sorry, sir.
Are you actually sorry?
-'Cause it doesn't feel sincere at all. -Uh I am sorry.
I mean it, sir, that's why I'm kneeling.
What are you thinking right now?
Sir?
"Since I got down on my knees, he'll probably let it slide."
"This is just what you're supposed to do."
"So can this guy hurry up and forgive me already?"
Am I wrong or is that what you're thinking?
No way, boss.
I sincerely wanted to apologize to you, sir.
Okay.
Then show me how sincere your apology truly is.
He calls them bodyguards,
but he has a whole army of mercenaries who were former special forces.
If money doesn't work, he uses violence.
If that doesn't work
Wait!
I'm sorry, sir!
-Please forgive me. -Get lower.
That's crazy.
He's a psychopath for real.
Um, boss.
Then why did you decide to help with that girl's body?
I owe the Chairman a favor. I already told you, didn't I?
What favor?
You don't need to know, you idiot.
You're like a bear, always so curious and hungry.
He's hairy too.
Don't worry, Mr. Ju. I'll come see you soon.
This is as far as I can go.
Your brother was the best agent this unit had ever seen.
He was capable of things no one else could even dream of.
That's why the number 66
Still symbolizes the greatest legend of the Republic, even now.
But during a high-stakes mission,
A traitorous rat stabbed him right in the back,
And 66 died in action.
That rat really betrayed his closest comrade
And he left him there to die alone.
That cockroach became Number 66 only to turn into a traitorous mutt of the South.
I now give you 66, your brother's number.
Go and bring me the head of the fake Number 66
And avenge your brother.
We haven't located the target yet, but we'll find him.
Hold on.
Here you go. It's the address of the police station
Where they're holding his friend from the video.
Oh. Uh, also
Sorry to bring this up,
But we haven't received any funds for a while now.
Our comrades are really struggling out here, sir.
So maybe after your mission,
Would you be able to ask them to help us out?
Comrade.
The comforts of the South are expensive, aren't they?
I'll leave the car key right here.
42 MYEONGUN-RO, DOWON-GU, SEOUL
I don't understand how he can sleep in a situation like this.
He's like a wild animal.
Why should I have to suffer because of that wild boar?
From now on, if he calls me, I'll just let it ring and go to
I'm just seeing things.
I'm on edge because of that jerk.
When will I get out?
I'm starving.
You awake?
Excuse me, sir?
Can I please have some food?
Don't you think you should feed me if you hold me for hours? Huh?
Even if I'm here sitting in a holding cell,
I'd expect our great police force to make sure to feed their
Oh! Finally!
What took so long?
Okay. Sir, thanks for your service.
All right, what's on the menu today?
Are you Park Jin-cheol?
Who the hell is asking?
That looks a little big.
You should've found a better uniform.
Don't make this hard. Where is 66?
66?
What is that?
The number of the greatest agent of the Southern dogs.
Oh.
So you're from the North then?
Well, you've come to the right place. Because that's me.
You can't be serious.
-You are not 66. -Why, thanks.
A lot of people say I don't look my age.
I think I've seen you too.
Oh.
This is you, right? Hmm.
You think you're funny, shithead?
Now I'm only going to ask you one more time.
66, where is he?
Wait, time-out. Aren't you being unfair with these civilians here?
Fine. Hold on.
789-9, Mangyun-dong.
Second floor of Dowon Laundry.
That's where he lives, okay?
I expected that to be harder to get out of you.
And I expected to eat, so we're both disappointed.
You better kill him fast when you get there.
If that's what you want.
I'll kill him quickly for your sake, okay?
When I get out
I'm going to find you.
You crazy asshole.
Is there a problem? What's taking so long?
Stay put.
Huh? Hey, wait.
Hey.
Hold on. Stop!
Shit.
Hey, you!
Sorry about this. I am sorry, sorry. I'm sorry.
Whoa. What the hell?
What's wrong with you?
Oh, no. Hey, excuse me. This guy is dying. He's dying in here.
Oh, my God. Are you okay? What's wrong?
Come on, say something. He's not breathing!
Breathe! CPR!
-Officer! -What's happening?
Come on, hurry up. He can't breathe. Oh.
My gosh, can you hear me, sir?
What's wrong? Are you hurt?
Huh? Wait! No!
-Open this door now! -I'm sorry, sir. I'll be right back, okay?
Hey, wait! Stop!
Man, this is fucking exhausting, you know that?
But we have to do this.
Hey, hey. Okay, enough.
He'll die at this rate.
All right, do you get it now, huh?
Because of you, our construction project is about to fall apart.
We gave you plenty of chances to leave, didn't we?
Okay, I'll move out.
See, that wasn't so hard.
So you're saying that you killed this girl?
Get rid of her. Can you handle that?
Whoa.
I was just asking a question. Why are you talking to me like that?
Don't worry about the money.
I'll give you whatever you want.
No way! I'm gonna pretend like I never heard this, okay? Now leave!
Wow, the power of a little editing, huh? Hmm?
My acting's not that bad either.
Should I become an actor now? Huh?
All right, we got it, boss.
Think I'm getting too old for this.
I should just call it and retire now.
Don't you think?
Where'd you get the gun, sir? Sir?
EVIDENCE ITEM NO. 9 - EVIDENCE ITEM NO. 10: MOBILE PHONE
-I'm off now. Thanks. -Okay. Good work today.
INTERROGATION ROOM
He still won't talk?
Yeah. We've been sitting here in silence, sir.
Hey, mister. You can hear me, right?
Just because a cop's power comes from a pen now,
You think we'll go easy on you?
What's your name?
-Tell me your name now. -Come on!
Do you think we wanna be here all night?
-Just hurry up and-- -That's fine. Forget it.
Just get his fingerprints and run him through the system.
Yes, sir.
Your finger.
-Hey. Open the trunk. -Yes, sir.
Geez, it smells like blood.
Should've at least covered the girl!
Why put a dead body in there without any plastic, you idiot?
-I'm sorry! -Hey, rookie.
-Get a bag. -I swear to God
-Did you move? -Sorry, it's just
Looks good.
REQUESTING FINGERPRINT CHECK
Listen, he's not the first asshole to make our lives hard.
When I first joined the force, if someone acted like this, we would
Um, never mind.
-What the Captain. -What is it?
ACCESS APPROVAL CODE REQUIRED
"Access denied"?
I don't know. Maybe I didn't put it in right.
-Wait, is that his phone? -Yes, sir. It's with the evidence.
"My daughter"?
What the heck?
Who is this?
Min-ji?
AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
Min-ji
I'm sorry for dragging you into this.
They came down from the North to kill you.
Let's rock and roll!
Min-ji could be in danger.
Let's go find Min-ji. Come on.
Get rid of the evidence first.
Agent Kim's going crazy, looking for his daughter.
The phone in your pocket, where did you get it?
The girl from last night.
Locate Agent Kim's daughter immediately.
We need to get to her first.